Introduction
------------
Zipios++ is a small C++ library for reading zip files. The structure
and public interface are based (somewhat loosely) on the java.util.zip
package. The streams created to access the individual entries in a zip
file are based on the standard iostream library.

Zipios++ also provides a way for an application to support files from
multiple sources (e.g. from zip files or from ordinary directories)
transparently.

The source code is released under the GNU Lesser General Public
License.


Installation
------------
This software package uses autoconf/automake, so the fast installation
procedure is

./configure
make
make install

For details about installation of autoconfiscated packages refer to
the INSTALL file

'make install' installs the Zipios++ header files under
/usr/include/zipios++/ and the library libzipios.a under
/usr/lib/. You can choose another base path than /usr/ by using the
--prefix switch with configure. See the INSTALL file for
details. Running make also builds a number of test programs that
remain in the source directory zipios++/. The built example binaries
and the corresponding source code have names that start with test_ and
example_. These test programs demonstrate the most important features
in Zipios++.


Status
------
Writing is not supported yet 

Spanned archives are not supported, and support is not planned. 

The library has been tested and appears to be working with 

     Linux Mandrake release 7.0 (Air) / gcc 2.95.2 
     Red Hat Linux release 6.2 (Zoot) / egcs-2.91.66 
     SGI IRIX64 6.5 / gcc 2.95.2 
     SGI IRIX64 6.5 / MIPSpro Compilers: Version 7.30 

If you are aware of any other platforms that Zipios++ works on, please
let me know (thomas@miba.auc.dk).


Documentation
-------------
Please refer to the online documentation at
http://zipios.sourceforge.net. A printable version of the online
documentation is also available at the same URL. The documentation can
be automatically generated from the source if you have Doxygen
installed by running

./configure
make doc


Bugs
----
Submit bug reports and patches to thomas@miba.auc.dk 

Contributing
------------
If you're interested in helping with porting Zipios++ to platforms
that are not currently supported then drop me a note at
thomas@miba.auc.dk.

